Updates for Astro Runtime Multiple Architecture Support (#1481)
astronomer/docs: software/runtime-image-architecture.md

## System distribution

> The following table lists the Debian versions and architectures supported by each Astro Runtime version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the operating system and architectures supported by each Astro Runtime version. If you're running on a Mac computer with the Apple M1 chip, Astronomer recommends Astro Runtime 6.0.4 or later, which is compatible with ARM-based processors.
```

> | Astro Runtime | Debian                 | Architecture    |
> | ------------- | ---------------------- | -------------   |
> | 4.1.x         | 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
> | 4.2.x         | 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
> | 5.0.x         | 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
> | 6.0.0 - 6.0.3         | 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
> | 6.0.4 - 6.0.x         | 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64 and ARM64 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Astro Runtime | Operating System (OS)                 | Architecture    |
| ------------- | ---------------------- | -------------   |
| 4.1.x         | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
| 4.2.x         | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
| 5.0.x         | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
| 6.0.0 - 6.0.3         | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64           |
| 6.0.4 - 6.0.x         | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)        | AMD64 and ARM64 |
```

I know we're repeating `Debian`, but the umbrella term really is "Operating System" and there are many others we could do (Alpine, Ubuntu, etc.) so I'd rather call it out explicitly vs. assuming Debian

> Astro Runtime 6.0.4 and later support AMD64 and ARM64 processor architectures for local development. The image tag is multi-arch and the correct distribution for the processor architecture on which you're running the image is used automatically.

Reviewer: Should we have this note before the table?

Author: @paolaperaza - the note is in the correct location. Placing it before the table interrupts the introductory statement and isn't the correct location for this information.

> Astro Runtime 6.0.4 and later support AMD64 and ARM64 processor architectures for local development. The image tag is multi-arch and the correct distribution for the processor architecture on which you're running the image is used automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime images 6.0.4 and later are multi-architecture and both support AMD64 and ARM64-based processors for local development. Docker will automatically use the correct architecture based on the computer you are using.
```

Reviewer: Apply these to Astro if they look good to you

## System distribution

Astro Runtime images are based on Debian 11.3 (bullseye). 

> Astro Runtime 6.0.4 and later support AMD64 and ARM64 processor architectures for local development. The image tag is multi-arch and the correct distribution for the processor architecture on which you're running the image is used by default.

Reviewer 2: Should we add the table here as well?
